okay guys today we're looking at the
all-new clear case ice case where you
want to call it for the nexus 7 here
last time we saw this one here this
leather case this is the clever cover
from case calm this time where you
taking a look at their kind of silicone
TPU which case the way this one works
has all the cutouts for you so here you
have the power button the volume rocker
cut out you also have the microphone cut
out up here and you have some cut outs
here on the bottom for the power and for
the headphones so as all the cutouts you
can see it's some half ice half clear so
you can kind of see through this and you
see some of the Nexus stuff and the
texture through here and it has some
grips on the side for you when you hold
it it also kind of bubbles up a little
bit over the screen which is a good
thing so you can put the screen down
face-first and not worry about cracks
and ships and things on the side of your
screen so works great with the screen
protector you don't have to really worry
i also have here a cutout for the
speaker which is perfect so no sound
gets lost so in use feels pretty
standard compared to just using the
nexus 7 sock it doesn't interfere it
doesn't inhibit your ability to do
anything you can't really feel it just
kinda protects the screen protects the
back coating that i guess some people
had problems with chipping off or
against scratches in protects all the
buttons pretty nicely here so you really
don't have to worry too much gives you a
bout you know not too much of a lip but
enough to really just protect the device
let me try to get this and focus for you
so you get an idea there you go
so really simple case just protects it
and kind of like a silicon phone case
would protect your iphone or when your
android phones you just have this lip it
form fit none of the sides hang up I
know that some complaints about other
ones slides hang up all these snap in so
it's really nice and tight comes in this
clear let me show you how to take it off
you just peel it so this is a clear ice
one and then you also have a black
version the black one is very nice super
super stealth you look in so you can
hear it snap in and then you can get all
the edges to cover so black one really
really nice covers the the bezel it
makes it just a stealth black Nexus 7
which is really really awesome looking
let's see if we can get that more a
light for you kind of the Darth Vader of
Nexus 7 cases has this kind of shiny
polished to it and then this nice kind
of matte finish same thing on the sides
grips all the openings like the clear
one same thing none of the lips you can
see here if it pops off or anything like
when you're putting on you just pull it
over and snap it in so it's all nice and
tight in here so none of the edges are
exposed again you can just put it right
down no damage to the screen so I still
wouldn't recommend dropping it but you
know you throw it in your bag you wanna
protect it against some you know protect
edges and protect the screen a little
bit if it's up against something else
this is the perfect kind of case for it
that works perfectly with a screen
protector for the Nexus 7 these are
available for 1999 on keep calm right
now you can actually get a discount if
you use the coupon code Nexus 25 and e
ex us 25 at checkout so get twenty-five
percent off so you can get them for
under 15 bucks each and they're they're
perfect solution for you next 7 i'm
using the black one right now i think it
really gives it a cool kind of flat
black glossy black look to it that I
really love so yeah let me know what you
think about it anyone picks one up let
me know what you how you like it
to see some other reviews on it these
are from case of calm they come in black
right now they come in clear and they
also have the leather case for you which
we did another review of earlier which
has the soft touch kind of velvet suede
inside all the cutouts again for
everything so yeah three different cases
here for the Nexus 7 and they're all
available now thanks for taking a look
good